today in nets on this occasion of the boat
how to increase
the messages as it is called
cross and the last being narrow because a
Subscriber - Bill asked me good
asked to believe how to increase ram memory
but unfortunately friend I'm going to
say what
I used all the methods of how
increase ram memory well from time of
last will be to believe and it has come out
impossible I've been everything like the trailer
notifications point but not friends
they serve us I tell you that you can not
I say it, you can not, you can not
you can not can not because I say it
from experience because I spent days
until months because in filiar to games
like the fifa 12
with travel
and no I do not say in this 512 mb and no no
I could this
there can be common merchandise so
indigent
really the best why
because it was also a lot to the game
and all the Lord like
good you go some skin
and already within google play you're going to
put no
freeze
children
bring them without frizz
as a goal
and there are the and well you open the
application
Enrique appears with some gloves
increase it the most with the minimum
this one I also support and leave
good because you are better because I
they put a comment that android version
they have and I see if it smells like that
the good thing that according to
where is it going
and at least 245 what
Y
flying as you see it does not stop at all
it goes super fast
and good to oblivion everything and I apologize for
the enemy that caught me as mind of
ramier to see that you can not increase
the spill can not be done or not I do not know if
someone stops as you increase it
bush do not be I got tired of videos look
the internet and everything can not be sorry
I can only get you how to increase the
messages